you know and you [ __ ] something up and
you wish you had the power to hit undo
[Music]
like when you say the dumbest thing in
front of your biggest crush
but when you talk [ __ ] about your boss
in an email then that reply all to
everyone at work or when you crash the
entire world economy and kickstart the
inevitable downfall of human
civilization
hello friends Greg here Elliott has a
new day job and we say hello and goodbye
to a series regular now I'm gonna break
down episode 2 for you but first make
sure I subscribe the gamespot Universe
will recover TV breakdowns movie reviews
and so much more now let's break down
season 3 episode 2 undo first up a quick
recap as the episode title suggests
Elliott is trying to undo everything
that he and the dark army tried to do in
season two angela manages to get him a
job at a Corp and Elliott manages to get
at least one two three four five six
seven
Ecore of employees arrested by the FBI
and it's also confirmed that Darlene is
working for the FBI you understand what
that means right I don't understand how
that hurts you guys throw at me
confidential human source whoa now I get
it
flipper returns and whiterose lays down
the hammer on Phillip price don't
mistake my generosity for generosity
mr. robot seems to have the upper hand
on the FBI and finally we have a
showdown with Krista and mr. robot
himself while the title of this episode
is undo and yes we did witness a lot of
undoing with Elliot and the showrunners
to another extent I would argue that the
main theme of this episode is family
drama the loneliness came back worse
than I remember
we got a tragic reminder that Elliot is
struggling with his mental illness as he
seems to drift further into isolation
while trying to go back to a normal life
this episode points a lot of Elliot's
misery and loneliness directly at his
family and the lack thereof Elliot is
struggling with his split for mr. robot
and the separation he feels with his
sister what happened yep - so don't
think for a second our shitty childhood
is only yours and this is where his
therapist Krista comes in here we
learned that Elliot may not have told
the whole story to us about what
happened the day he fell out the window
as a child your dad pushed you out a
window yeah I've told you that before
Elliot you've never know you've never
told me this now we've seen a version of
this window incident play out in season
1 this episode seems to send signals
that what we saw is not the whole truth
remember we're dealing with an
unreliable narrator so that window scene
could just be what Elliot wants us to
see for now I have a feeling that we're
going to get another flashback to that
fateful day and this could be the very
moment that triggered Elliot and created
the man we see today let me put this as
simply as I can so that we never have to
belabor this point again your success
will always follow mine
I didn't give about your record taking a
step away from Elliot for a moment we
learned that white rose is sick of
Phillips and she is going through with
stage two no matter what when told that
this is probably not the best idea white
rose replies it's time for the prices
and consonant we'll find out soon enough
of Eliot's convoluted plan to reroute a
corpse data will ruin the dark Army's
plans Elliot
you should know that nothing's gonna
come from this we were doing just fine
Eliot and mr. robot talking in unison
was downright frightening I absolutely
loved this scene as always in this show
the blocking and dialogue was
outstanding I thought that emojis had
montage at the beginning of the episode
was awesome now this is a huge stretch
but bear with me here I want you all to
take note that the two trained shots
from Elliott's POV are meant to be
similar scenes but the clothing is
slightly different this makes me think
of that spot the difference kids game
found at the red wheelbarrow website
that you can download right now with all
this talk about parallel universes I
can't help but bring this up make sure
to keep an eye out for any scenes that
seem to be slightly off because for a
show that's this polished it may not be
a continuity error cool little side note
we can pretty much sum up this entire
episode in this shot of Elliott on the
subway with the separation anxiety
poster hitting you over the head with
the obvious symbolism now with that said
let's not forget about the return of
flipper to Elliott that bills are
through the roof because this little
piece of [ __ ] is sick [ __ ] all over
my house for weeks probably died
separation anxiety happens all the time
with pet dogs and can sometimes cause
them to become sick and crap all over
the place when they're separated from
the person they're attached to and now I
have a few questions for the episode is
this truly the way that Johanna was
always meant to go out I always assumed
that she would have a much bigger role
in the grand scheme of the show now it
seems her main purpose was to just get
Tyrell off the hook for murder charges
now remember mr. Sutherlin is still
alive so we'll see if as no has any
loose ends to tie up between the
bodyguard and Tyrell and finally who do
you think this is in the F Society video
my guess is Tyrell let me know who you
think it is in the comment section down
below
that's it for me over here everybody let
me know what you thought the episode in
the comments section down below I'll be
back next week to break down episode 3
legacy right here and I'll see you guys
then
bye bye